Yiling Luyiling.lu@outlook.com ¥ 250-686-8803 Software Development ManagerLeader in building high performance teams and deliver quality productsProven track record in leading high performance teams, building and shipping scalable systems. Bring to you 9+ years of hands-on experience in large-scale enterprise application development using Java/JEE technologies, managing SCRUM based, Test Driven, Agile Development processes; Implemented changes for large client companies in transitioning to Agile processes, helped business achieve measurable benefits. Great talent scouting skills; love coaching, motivating teams and individuals, successfully led product development projects on a multiple technology platforms.? Successfully led talented and diverse groups of software developers in building scalable solutions.? Solid technical background in Java EE and open source frameworks, i.e. Spring frameworks, Hibernate, Eclipse; Android app development experiences, UML modeling and Object Oriented design? Database experiences with Oracle, SQL Server and Postgres? Tools: JIRA, Bamboo, Confluence, FishEye, Ant, Maven, SVN, Apache, Weblogic, Tomcat, JUnit, TestNG? Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OSWork ExperienceSierra Systems Group  	Sept. 2007 Ð present Development Manager Provide passionate technical leadership throughout the life-cycle of ecommerce application development, build and ship large scale, multi-tiered enterprise systems, lead Agile teams using SCRUM/Agile best practices; Work closely with product management to define project scope, priorities and timelines. Plan and manage release cycles, maintain product backlogs. Manage crossing team communications, product roadmap.Provide leadership in architecture governance, implementation and testing. Report status and provide technical advice to executive management team on regular basis. Collaborate with business analyst teams and quality assurance teams.Key Achievements:  ? System Architect and Development Manager for an inter-governmental service integration system based on webMethods platform? Development manager for a large scale legacy ERP system transformation to SOA based system, managed two teams in two locations. Evangelised and implemented SCRUM methodology for client organisation.? Technical Architect and development manager for e-commerce solution for Alberta Tourism, Parks and Recreation, I led the design and implementation of the project to its successful public launch on May 1st 2009. The public portal is available at www.reserve.albertaparks.ca. This project has since won multiple industry and government awards. ? Technical Architect for Retired Member System project for BC Pension Corporation. Leading a team of more than 15 developers for this multi-year, and multi-million dollar project, which aims to leverage leading edge technology solutions in Pension management and payment services for over two hundred thousand pensioners across Canada.Development Team Lead Team lead for a JEE application development team, provide directions to senior and junior developers, provide technical assistance to client QA team and business analyst team in user acceptance testing phase of the project. Key Achievements:  ? Lead a team of 4 software developers in implementation planning, detailed design and implementation for a large enterprise Web application for the State of Washington.? Provide mentorship to junior developers on Spring framework and Hibernate technologies.? Assist business analyst team in refining business requirements, and make adjustments to data model and design documentations.Genologics Life Science Software Inc., Victoria, BC	Nov. 2005 Ð Sept. 2007Senior Software DeveloperGenologics produces enterprise software solutions for Lab Information Management Systems (LIMS) used by life science research. I was a key member of teams in product design and implementation. I also collaborate with field sales staff and client technical team in implementing service delivery projects for world leading pharmaceutical research labs. I was also responsible for providing technical assistance for project planning and cost management teams.Key Achievements:  ? Senior software developer in multiple solution and project implementation efforts, delivered solution to customer on time and on budget (ranging from 20K to 50K). ? Often facing challenging requirements demanding product customization work and integration module design within one to two months period, worked in close collaboration with technical support team and sales team in producing prototype systems. Some high profile sales wins with world leading pharmaceutical customers were the highlights of my successes.? Traveled to customer sites to deliver technical sales presentations and provide technical consultation to customers.? Authored system requirements documents, functional specifications and detailed design documentations.Senior Software Developer Java Swing and J2EE development for a Proteomics Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS), participated in full lifecycle development of product feature projects. Key Achievements:  ? Great team player, consistently went above and beyond call of duty to ensure on time delivery of high quality software, received great reviews from supervisor and peers during annual performance reviews.AlarmPoint Systems (now xMatters), Victoria, BC	Jul. 2003 Ð Oct. 2005Software DeveloperCreated high level and detailed software component designs and implementation plans based on business requirements, primary designer for business process execution engine. Performed multi-thread programming and Java application performance tuning. Worked with engineering director and project manager on requirements documentation, cost and project scope analysis for product functions and features. Key Achievements:  ? Instrumental in development and launching of critical event resolution and automated notification system.? Led the design, deployment and support of cross-platform automated nightly build and reporting system.? Led the initiative in introducing Eclipse development environment to the company, and the training of developers. The result was a significant improvement of productivity of development team, and the quality of the software product. CHISEL Research Group, University of Victoria	May 2002 Ð Oct. 2003Research Programmer Analyst 	Research and develop advanced software architecture visualization system. Design and implement prototype system that supports collaborative work for distributed knowledge engineers; Design and develop advanced user interface in Swing; Organize and participate in user focus group studies and software usability studies.EducationMasters Degree in Computer Science Ð University of Victoria, Victoria, BC		2003Undergraduate study in Computer Science Ð University of Victoria, Victoria, BC	2001 